--- Page 0 ---

YOU CAN IF YOU THINK YOU Cay

this hote]
mes guests. It was to tha
te fist man to cmb the Materhoro,retu re
triumphant but tragic climb on eae Sa en dig big
bronze plaque near the Slats atime Tates © eve A
Ted Seiler told us that, next to clim ae the Matter tt
the most dramatic way to view it ee © fly afoung it Ot,
over it in a helicopter. He added that a pair of helio, ang
flown by German pilots, was kept on the alert at eee erg .
the outskirts of Zermatt. There was a Small one that SS on
carry four persons, and a larger one that could Cs Soulg
had already made several highly dramatic Mountain me ey
Ted Seiler said that if the weather Was Tight, he mi be ws
to arrange for us to make a mountain flight over the ; abla
peaks and glaciers. He said that if we did, we’ never 5 “atby
It sounded exciting, all right, but also a little Stan, Ret i;
been in a helicopter only once in my life, to view go . haq
acreage. But Norman, on the trip he made to Viet iy farm,
_the request of President Nixon; had Made. Many hlicon
All through the first part of our Visit, the ae
certain. Much of the time SWirling clouds shen Was Un.
Matterhorn. When they would Part mo mentarih 7 ot the
see that the slopes around the great pea Were cot Could |
fresh snow. But the Pinnacle itself WaS tOO stee He With
snow to cling to the Jagged rocks. ie SOR much

Perfect Day in the Alps.

The night before our last da F a a.
ne Y In Zermatt, the wind «+,
fo the north—a “’gn of fair weather Ted pe -

fnough, the next day daw =




--- Page 1 ---

call was made to the heliport, a soy
mlepbon is a hillside just above the railway line pes
a de of the town. We were told that if we would
orth § at eleven o'clock, there was a good chance that
o¢ tere the flight. The big helicopter was undergoing
cou at the small one was operational, Since there would
for three passengers in addition to the pilot, Arthur
~ who was also in Zermatt, said he would like to go,
ten-minute walk to the tall, silo-like structure that

‘the elevator that lifted visitors to the heliport. We
uss* a button, identified ourselves through a transmitter
esse ones you see in the lobbies of apartment houses, and
sind ourselves standing on a huge square of con-
Peat half the’size of a football field. A painted circle
Jarge H in the centre was evidently the target for
ding pilots. Through the open doors of a hangar we

auld see the large red machine being worked on. We were
id that the smaller helicopter was off on patrol], but would
We sat in the brilliant sunshine, waiting. My feelings were
ure of excitement, anticipation, and a little apprehen-
t the thought of soaring off the friendly earth in a
¢ bubble supported by nothing but a pair of ungainly
ill blades and a single engine. As we waited, we talked
Whymper and mountain climbing and the strange and
_»dangerous things people seem to do in their quest for
: Messi 3 |
i ts‘ picked up the pulsing drone of the helicopter
r eyes saw it. Then suddenly there it was, hovering
ntic‘dragonfly. The pilot swung around into the
ith a roar and buffeting gusts of the cool mountain
nachine settled onto the concrete platform. The pilot
ngine: The whirling blades gradually ceased revoly-

te ks. were refilled. Certain mountain-rescue

177